Updated docs: Documented two ways to detect if a code is running from within a pytest run (#12153)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/12153.doc.rst

> Updated docs: Documented new way to detect if a code is running from within a pytest run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documented using :envvar:`PYTEST_VERSION` to detect if code is running from within a pytest run.
```
